hey we got Georgie hey what's up Georgie
no that's exciting I played all right
what are you doing here today uh sky
diving guide Ivan I think she's finally
lost it Oh go this way we got stay away
from that propeller it's dangerous to
walk around the back all right I see
there's no parachute back here you're
wearing a harness though I have my own
wings your own ways let me see you flap
really hard oh yeah you're gonna make it
alright good maybe you paid for the
extreme package see with no parachute
keeper all right exciting show me what
you gonna do so we don't die okay Lisa
arch and then flap your wings yeah we're
gonna make a wall right you're not gonna
chicken out try not to cuz I'm gonna
push your hair
let's get it on
Oh
look I we are Oh later they have relax
your arms if you want look at that
beautiful view there's Ventura Channel
Islands
you